plugins/connection/docker.py no-assert
plugins/connection/docker_api.py no-assert
plugins/connection/nsenter.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_api/api/client.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_api/transport/sshconn.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_api/utils/build.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_api/utils/ports.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_api/utils/proxy.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_api/utils/socket.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_common_cli.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_module_container/module.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_platform.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_socket_handler.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/_swarm.py pep8:E704
plugins/module_utils/_util.py pep8:E704
plugins/modules/docker_container_copy_into.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_container_copy_into.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # _max_file_size_for_diff is used by the action plugin
plugins/modules/docker_container_exec.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_image.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_image_tag.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_login.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_plugin.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_swarm_service.py no-assert
plugins/modules/docker_swarm_service.py pep8:E704
plugins/modules/docker_volume.py no-assert
